that's a brush that's past its best and
why isn't that roller working as well as
it once did but it needn't be like that
this brush is just as old but it works
like new so what's the difference
simple the dandy cleaning system for
brushes and rollers look she's just
painted this chest green and next she's
going to repaint the fireplace white but
there's no need to change brushes just
watch this step 1 she just Clips the
brush into the dandy and spins it in a
deep bucket to catch the paint any size
of brush up to about 4 inches will fit
about 7 seconds is all that's needed
then step 2 for this oil-based paint she
rinses the brush in white spirit then
step 3 she spins again for another 7
seconds or so no wonder this product has
been awarded the prestigious Daily Mail
ideal home award of excellence in the
time and labor-saving category because
look there is no step 4
it's as simple as that there's not a
trace of the green paint left not even
right down between the bristles so it's
straight on with the white paint in less
than a minute without a hint of green
emulsion paint rollers can take an age
to rinse the paint just seems to keep
coming out and coming out but if you
don't stick with it your roller will be
ruined with the dandy roller cleaner
that's a thing of the past it's as
simple as this
step one with the roller slid over the
dandy attachment spin for 7 seconds into
an old bucket the dandy will adjust to
any size of roller from 7 to 15 inches
the first step has removed the bulk of
the paint then step to keep the roller a
rinse in a sink or bucket of water to
loosen the remaining paint don't forget
safety first always dry your hands
before handling electrical tools
step 3 spin again for another seven
seconds to remove all of the remaining
pain right down to the deepest part of
the roller in less than a minute the
roller will be back like new fluffy
clean and ready for storage or to go
again with another color just look at
that not a trace of paint
how many brushes have you got lying
around that have been ruined bristles
stiff with paint with the dandy it's a
thing of the past
step 1 - spin into an old bucket for 7
seconds to remove most of the paint any
sized brush up to 4 inches will fit in
the universal clip then step 2 rinse in
a small amount of the correct thinner in
this case for this oil-based paint white
spirit now step 3 simply repeat the spin
for 7 seconds no wonder this product has
run more than for best product awards
and job done as clean as new and ready
for storage alternatively more painting
with a different color or even changing
from under code to a gloss finish on the
same brush